Added section on operators for `nodeAffinity` and `podAffinity` (#39742)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/assign-pod-node.md

interpreting the rules. You can use `In`, `NotIn`, `Exists`, `DoesNotExist`,
`Gt` and `Lt`.

> Read [Operators](/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/assign-pod-node/#operators)
> to learn more about how these work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Read [Operators](#operators) to learn more about how these work.
```

You can use the `In`, `NotIn`, `Exists` and `DoesNotExist` values in the

> `operator` field for Pod affinity and anti-affinity.

Reviewer 2: just link it here?

Read [Pod topology spread constraints](/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/topology-spread-constraints/)
to learn more about how these work.

## Operators

> The following are all the logical operators that you can use with the `operator` field for `nodeAffinity` and `podAffinity` as mentioned above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following are all the logical operators that you can use with the `operator` field
for `nodeAffinity` and `podAffinity` mentioned above.
```

> |    <div style="width:150px">Operator</div>    |    Behaviour    |

Reviewer 3: Don't use HTML here. If we need to fix things (we do), that should be a separate mechanism that we define across multiple pages. For example, we might alter our custom `table` shortcode: https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/hugo-shortcodes/#table-captions

| :------------: | :-------------: |

> | In | The label value is contained in the supplied set of strings |

Reviewer 2: Similar suggestions below

|   NotIn   | The label value is not contained in the supplied set of strings |

> | Exists | A label with this key is applied to the object |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Exists | A label with this key exists on the object |
```

> | DoesNotExist | No such label with this key exists on the object |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `DoesNotExist` | No label with this key exists on the object |
```

> | DoesNotExist | No such label with this key is applied to the object |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| DoesNotExist | No such label with this key exists the object |
```

| Gt | The supplied value will be parsed as an integer, and that integer is less than or equal to the integer that results from parsing the value of a label named by this selector | 

> | Lt | The supplied value will be parsed as an integer, and that integer is greater than or equal to the integer that results from parsing the value of a label named by this selector | 

Reviewer 2: These couple of operators can't be used for pod affinity. Maybe put them in a separate table with a preface indicating that they only apply to node affinity.

> | Lt | The supplied value will be parsed as an integer, and that integer is greater than or equal to the integer that results from parsing the value of a label named by this selector | 

Reviewer 3: What happens if the value doesn't parse as an integer?

{{<note>}}

> `Gt` and `Lt` operators will not work with non integer values. Also, `Gt` and `Lt` are not available for `podAffinity` as of now. 

Reviewer 3: What happens if the value doesn't parse as an integer? We're not making it clear what happens instead of the expected outcome. Let's make it clear that the Pod fails to schedule.

> `Gt` and `Lt` operators will not work with non integer values. If the given value doesn't parse as an integer, the pod will fail to get scheduled. Also, `Gt` and `Lt` are not available for `podAffinity` as of now. 

Reviewer 2: Does it fail to be scheduled or does it filter the node that has a non integer value?

`as of now` implies that we might plan to add it. We don't.

Read [Pod topology spread constraints](/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/topology-spread-constraints/)
to learn more about how these work.

## Operators

The following are all the logical operators that you can use in the `operator` field for `nodeAffinity` and `podAffinity` mentioned above.

> |    Operator    |    Behaviour    |

Reviewer: Behaviour -> Behavior (We use US English in docs).

| :------------: | :-------------: |
| `In` | The label value is present in the supplied set of strings |
|   `NotIn`   | The label value is not contained in the supplied set of strings |
| `Exists` | A label with this key exists on the object |
| `DoesNotExist` | No label with this key exists on the object |

The following operators can only be used with `nodeAffinity`.

|    Operator    |    Behaviour    |
| :------------: | :-------------: |
| `Gt` | The supplied value will be parsed as an integer, and that integer is less than or equal to the integer that results from parsing the value of a label named by this selector | 
| `Lt` | The supplied value will be parsed as an integer, and that integer is greater than or equal to the integer that results from parsing the value of a label named by this selector | 

{{<note>}}

> `Gt` and `Lt` operators will not work with non integer values. If the given value doesn't parse as an integer, the pod will fail to get scheduled. Also, `Gt` and `Lt` are not available for `podAffinity`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Gt` and `Lt` operators will not work with non-integer values. If the given value 
doesn't parse as an integer, the pod will fail to get scheduled. Also, `Gt` and `Lt`
are not available for `podAffinity`.
```
